---
layout: post
title: I don't know how to IE6
tags:
- web design
- internet explorer
- standards
---
It's time to stop supporting IE6. No not because it isn't standards compliant,
or because [the biggest companies on the
web](http://googleenterprise.blogspot.com/2010/01/modern-browsers-for-modern-
applications.html) don't think it's economically feasible to continue to
support archaic technology, or even because we would be doing our users a
favor by forcing them to upgrade. No, it's time because I don't know how to
build a web page that displays properly in IE6. I just don't know how to IE6.

I'm a 20-year-old web developer/designer/enthusiast. I'm an intern at a
company where the social web and Facebook development is the name of the game.
In the final week of wrapping up my first legitimate project, my boss dropped
the bomb I was hoping to avoid. "Hey, Colby", he said, "make sure it works in
IE6 and up." I grumbled a bit but I figured, how bad could it possibly be. IE7
wasn't too terrible, sure it's inconvenient but after an hour or so of CSS
tweaks the layout was spot on. Boy, was I wrong.

I'm a rising Junior with top marks in my computer science program and I've
spent the last two and a half years buried in CSS. Though I may be short on
experience, I consider myself extremely well versed in CSS. I was in no way
prepared for IE6. Turns out I wasn't in Kansas anymore. I was in a bizarre and
at times terrifying world where conditional JavaScript fragments can be
embedded in external style sheets and block level elements are affected by
text alignment. I haven't slacked on my school work over the last few years
and I've retained enough of it to know that at no point did I ever receive any
indications that I might need to worry about any of the issues that were
thrown at me this past week.

It took me two solid days, but I managed to hack together something that
vaguely resembled my app and retained most of its functionality. The problem
here is that I spent two relearning how to build a web page for an obscure
outdated browser.

There's a fine line between supporting older technologies and letting
ourselves get dragged down by relics of nearly forgotten era.

As a student, it's a waste of time that would be better spent enhancing
knowledge for building the future.

As a developer, it's a deadline stretching, week of hell.

As a client, it's money sucking vortex.

Now's the time. Someone needs to start the ball rolling and **just say no**.
